chore(curriculum): remove wiki reference from cip (#46457)
freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp: curriculum/challenges/english/10-coding-interview-prep/rosetta-code/compare-a-list-of-strings.md

# --description--

> A list is a type of data that shows values, you may notice its similarity to sequence from other Rosetta challenges, which is true. As they can have a repeating values, here is an example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A list is a unordered set of values that may contain duplicates. Here is an example:
```

```js
const list = [['AA',  'BB', 'CC'], ['AA', 'ACB', 'AA'], [], ['AA']];
````

> Given a <a href="https://rosettacode.org/wiki/Compare_a_list_of_strings" target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow">list</a> of arbitrarily many strings, implement a function for each of the following conditions:

Reviewer: Why was a link added here? I'm not sure it's needed? I thought the plan was to link once in the Superblock description?

# --description--

> A list is a unordered set of values that may contain duplicates. Here is an example:

Reviewer: Ordered or unordered? If we are using an array here, then we have an ordering

Author: I should have done more research about [order theory](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_order_theory_topics), before I added your suggestion. 

I think, the nested array is [partially ordered](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Partially_ordered_set), as far as I know they are the same but people without mathematical background, who think order is sort, will not be confused by this, and can keep their focus on the beating the challenge. 😓🤦
